Also view explanations by holding mouse over column headers
# -- Shirt Number
Shirt Number
Nation -- Nationality of the player.
First, we check our records in international play at senior level.
Then youth level.
Then citizenship presented on wikipedia.
Finally, we use their birthplace when available.
Pos -- Position
Position most commonly played by the player
GK - Goalkeepers
DF - Defenders
MF - Midfielders
FW - Forwards
FB - Fullbacks
LB - Left Backs
RB - Right Backs
CB - Center Backs
DM - Defensive Midfielders
CM - Central Midfielders
LM - Left Midfielders
RM - Right Midfielders
WM - Wide Midfielders
LW - Left Wingers
RW - Right Wingers
AM - Attacking Midfielders
Age -- Age on date of match
Age at season start
Given on August 1 for winter leagues
and February 1 for summer leagues.
Min -- Minutes
Performance
Gls -- Goals
Goals scored or allowed
Ast -- Assists
Assists
PK -- Penalty Kicks Made
Penalty Kicks Made
PKatt -- Penalty Kicks Attempted
Penalty Kicks Attempted
Sh -- Shots Total
Shots Total
Does not include penalty kicks
SoT -- Shots on Target
Shots on Target
Note: Shots on target do not include penalty kicks
CrdY -- Yellow Cards
Yellow Cards
CrdR -- Red Cards
Red Cards
Touches -- Number of times a player touched the ball. Note: Receiving a pass, then dribbling, then sending a pass counts as one touch
Tkl -- Tackles
Number of players tackled
Int -- Interceptions
Interceptions
Blocks -- Number of times blocking the ball by standing in its path
Expected
xG -- xG: Expected Goals
Expected Goals
xG totals include penalty kicks, but do not include penalty shootouts (unless otherwise noted).
Provided by Opta.
An underline indicates there is a match that is missing data, but will be updated when available.
npxG -- npxG: Non-Penalty xG
Non-Penalty Expected Goals
Provided by Opta.
An underline indicates there is a match that is missing data, but will be updated when available.
xAG -- xAG: Exp. Assisted Goals
Expected Assisted Goals
xG which follows a pass that assists a shot
Provided by Opta.
An underline indicates there is a match that is missing data, but will be updated when available.
SCA
SCA -- Shot-Creating Actions
Shot-Creating Actions
The two offensive actions directly leading to a shot, such as passes, take-ons and drawing fouls. Note: A single player can receive credit for multiple actions and the shot-taker can also receive credit.
GCA -- Goal-Creating Actions
Goal-Creating Actions
The two offensive actions directly leading to a goal, such as passes, take-ons and drawing fouls. Note: A single player can receive credit for multiple actions and the shot-taker can also receive credit.
Passes
Cmp -- Passes Completed
Passes Completed
Includes live ball passes (including crosses) as well as corner kicks, throw-ins, free kicks and goal kicks.
Att -- Passes Attempted
Passes Attempted
Includes live ball passes (including crosses) as well as corner kicks, throw-ins, free kicks and goal kicks.
Cmp% -- Pass Completion %
Pass Completion Percentage
Minimum 30 minutes played per squad game to qualify as a leader
Includes live ball passes (including crosses) as well as corner kicks, throw-ins, free kicks and goal kicks.
PrgP -- Progressive Passes
Progressive Passes
Completed passes that move the ball towards the opponent's goal line at least 10 yards from its furthest point in the last six passes, or any completed pass into the penalty area. Excludes passes from the defending 40% of the pitch
Carries
Carries -- Number of times the player controlled the ball with their feet
PrgC -- Progressive Carries
Carries that move the ball towards the opponent's goal line at least 10 yards from its furthest point in the last six passes, or any carry into the penalty area. Excludes carries which end in the defending 50% of the pitch
Take-Ons
Att -- Take-Ons Attempted
Number of attempts to take on defenders while dribbling
Succ -- Successful Take-Ons
Number of defenders taken on successfully, by dribbling past them
Unsuccessful take-ons include attempts where the dribbler retained possession but was unable to get past the defender